Update iotawatt.markdown for using the new high accuracy sensors (#19570)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/iotawatt.markdown

## Energy management

> Starting with Home Assistant 2021.10 you can use the accumulated energy sensors directly with the energy management application.

Reviewer: We don't keep a changelog in our docs. The docs always reflect the current state.

```suggestion
You can use the accumulated energy sensors directly with the Home Assistant energy dashboard.
```

Replace `(Main_In_Red + Main_In_White + Main_In_Blue)` with the correct formula for your main feed.

#### If having a solar net system:

> The iotawatt team recommends that the inputs for solar reads positive which can be achieved by either changing the orientation of the CT sensor or in the IoTaWatt's input settings, check `Reverse`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using a solar net system

The IoTaWatt team recommends that the inputs for solar reads positive which can be achieved by either changing the orientation of the CT sensor or in the IoTaWatt's input settings, check `Reverse`.
```
